fix algolia docs (#5189)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-algolia-insights/index.md

---
title: Algolia Insights (Actions) Destination
rewrite: true
redirect_from:
  - '/connections/destinations/catalog/algolia/'
id: 63e52bea7747fbc311d5b872
---

> This [Algolia Insights (Actions)](https://www.algolia.com/products/analytics/) destination is a means of facilitating sending [Insights Events](https://www.algolia.com/doc/guides/sending-events/getting-started/). Sending these events is a required step for using several Algolia features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the [Algolia Insights (Actions)](https://www.algolia.com/products/analytics/){:target="_blank"}  destination, you can send [Insights Events](https://www.algolia.com/doc/guides/sending-events/getting-started/){:target="_blank"}. It's required to send Insight Events to use these Algolia features: 
```
